I am from [ country ]. I am a [field of studies ] at , [ School\Collage\ University name ] and I want to learn in the field of [field you want to study in eg :- information technology] . I think it will be beneficial for my work, as a future researcher. But I’ve no job of my own to carry the expanses to pay for the certificate of this course. My father is a farmer and my mother is a house wife. I cannot afford the money for this course. It is very much difficult for me to gather such an amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on my monthly essential needs. So, I’m badly in need of this financial aid. I want to take this course and I want to learn in the field of [field of study eg :- information technology] . This course will boost my job prospects after graduation from my collage. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments. Also, I intend to participate in discussion forums, which I have found to supplement my learning immensely in the other online courses I have taken on Coursera. I also plan to grade assignments that are to peer-reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity. I need this course. My main career goal is to learn every day. I want to learn and to progress in my career. Taking this course will help me to learn and study this to implement it. It can help me advance in my knowledge. As a student of [subject you want to learn], I would like to be a researcher in this field. That's my goal. I need this course to improve my theoretical knowledge as well as practical knowledge . Now, I plan to do research with my professor. This course will be beneficial for me very much in various purpose. This course will distinguish me. Such a course is very important for researchers. It will improve my career. Courses on Coursera helped me to greatly increase my knowledge, they are great. I want to improve my resume by completing these courses and writing them in my resume and collecting certificates to show them while required. I am an enthusiastic and hard-working student and want to make my career bright. These will teach me the new topics and things which will help me to improve myself. I don’t possess a good financial condition at this stage to afford for this course for the above-mentioned reasons.